♪I found a faint light
in the fading dusk♪
♪And met your steady gaze♪
♪One knowing glance,
and side by side we walk on♪
♪Longing finds no place to rest♪
♪Through drifting wind and rain♪
♪You are the prayer within my hands♪
♪A single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows♪
♪We made a promise long ago♪
♪For all our days to come♪
♪You are the fate I cannot outrun♪
♪How much must I let go
to trade for one moment?♪
♪Holding you close♪
♪Would that be enough?♪
=Echoes of Love=
(Adapted from the signed screenplay
Echoes of Love on Migu Reading)
=Episode 22=
(Gu Residence)
(Wanted Poster)
We're currently wanted
throughout the city,
so we can't enter the palace.
The evidence from
the Court of Judicial Review
can only shut down
Huanyue House and Shengtang Guild.
It isn't enough to bring Gao Deng
and Dowager Consort Wu to justice.
Next month is
Dowager Consort Wu's birthday.
Every year, she organizes
female folk performers
to showcase their talents
before His Majesty,
to show the royal family
sharing joy with the commoners.
Now that the scandal of Shengtang Guild
has caused such a stir,
Dowager Consort Wu
will surely use this birthday banquet
to mend her relationship
with His Majesty.
This might be
our last chance.
But we have to find a way.
The birthday banquet will definitely be
heavily guarded.
Right.
We can use the performance
as a way to sneak in
and present the evidence
directly to His Majesty.
Mother,
I wish you
eternal youth and vitality,
everlasting health,
joy year after year,
and lasting prosperity.
Thank you, Your Majesty.
Bring in the performers
from Shengtang Guild
to celebrate
the Dowager Consort's birthday.
Regarding this year's performances,
what do you think, Your Majesty?
As graceful as a swan,
as agile as a dragon.
They are all exceptionally talented.
Very good.
It is because the
entertainment districts of Lin'an City
are flourishing
that these performers
have such bright futures.
The rumors about Shengtang Guild
were completely fabricated.
It was merely
Gu Chengye playing power games
and making wild accusations.
Don't you agree, Your Majesty?
You are right, Mother.
Why are they performing
the Battle Formation Dance?
I, Song Zhiyun, a humble commoner,
boldly implore Your Majesty
to see the truth, severely punish
the Dowager Consort and Gao Deng,
thoroughly investigate Shengtang Guild,
and uphold justice
for all women in the world.
- Please investigate Shengtang Guild
- and uphold justice for all women.
The Dowager Consort's birthday
is in a few days.
If your performance
has even the slightest mishap,
or if you say
a single word you shouldn't,
you will pay for it with your lives.
You were always close with her.
Now that
she has died so unjustly,
don't you want to do something for her?
Song Zhiyun,
it's actually you.
You have the nerve to come here?
If it wasn't for you,
how would we
have ended up in this state?
Huanyue House used to be so wonderful.
It's all your fault.
If not for you,
she wouldn't have died.
Is relying on men
for survival in Huanyue House
the "wonderful life" you speak of?
Then, what can I do?
I don't have your courage.
I am just a lowly performer.
If I'm lucky enough
to be chosen by some official,
I could at most whisper in his ear
to help give her a decent burial.
Without anyone to back me up,
I would end up just like her,
with my hands tied
at everyone's mercy.
If you don't fight,
you'll be preyed upon,
and you'll just
have to swallow all the bitterness.
Only by fighting
can there be a way to live
and a way to get justice for her.
But if you do fight
and stand up against injustice,
even if you fail,
at least you'll have given
yourself an answer.
Expecting you to accept this immediately
is asking a bit much.
I won't force you.
If you're unwilling,
I will just find another way.
Wait.
This...
This is actually "Rosy Cloud Makeup."
Using blood as makeup
on such a joyous day,
isn't this
a deliberate affront to His Majesty?
Indeed.
Is there any solid evidence?
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty,
this shrew is a wanted criminal.
She trespassed into
the imperial palace at night,
and now she's using sweet words
to present forged evidence.
Please, Your Majesty, see through her.
Of course, there is solid evidence.
Your Majesty, I wish to accuse
the Dowager Consort and Grand Commandant Gao
of secret collusion.
Under the guise of
the Shengtang Guild's courtesan queens,
they secretly controlled
the city's entertainment districts,
engaging in the trafficking
of female performers,
treating human lives as worthless,
and conducting sex-for-power deals.
According to my investigation,
over the years,
44 women have died
tragically for no reason,
and 75 have gone missing.
Their miserable plight
is truly appalling.
Furthermore,
I have found evidence that
Dowager Consort is suspected of treason.
Her ambition is immense
and must be guarded against.
I have three pieces of evidence
that can prove my words.
This Beauty Portrait portrays
the courtesan queens selected
by Shengtang Guild over the years.
They have either passed away
or their whereabouts are unknown.
All of this was caused by the crimes
of the Dowager Consort,
Grand Commandant Gao, and so on.
And this ledger records
all the officials, merchants,
and establishments
involved in these crimes.
Grand Commandant Gao Deng's name
is clearly listed.
And this Jade Ruyi
is a personal possession
of the Dowager Consort.
It is undeniable physical evidence.
With these three combined,
the evidence is irrefutable.
I ask Your Majesty
to see the truth.
Gu Chengye, you're talking nonsense!
Mother.
Gao Deng.
The evidence is solid.
How do you explain yourselves?
Your Majesty.
I was also deceived by Gao Deng.
Even though Gao Deng is my nephew,
he committed such a massive crime
and even schemed against me.
You must punish him severely
as a warning to others.
Aunt,
since you are so heartless,
don't blame me for turning on you.
Your Majesty,
everything I did
was on her orders!
She was resentful that the late Emperor
chose Your Majesty as the heir.
She has always held a grudge.
She had me use Shengtang Guild's name
to win over and control officials.
She was waiting for the right moment
to install her son, King Gong,
and usurp the throne!
Your Majesty,
don't listen to his lies.
I have never had
any treasonous intentions.
Fine.
Fine!
Mother,
you and Gao Deng
formed a faction for selfish ends
and harmed the innocent.
I order you
to spend your life
in religious solitude.
You are never to leave that place.
King Gong shall be
punished along with you.
Guards,
take Dowager Consort
away.
No, Your Majesty!
Your Majesty, listen to me.
I was wrong!
Please don't punish
my son, Your Majesty!
Your Majesty!
Gao Deng,
your crimes are heinous.
Take him to the dungeon immediately.
Tomorrow at the third quarter
of the Wu hour, he will be executed.
Don't move!
Stand back!
Gao Deng, have you lost your mind?
Let me out of the city.
Tell them to stand back,
or I'll die with you.
Stand back!
Escort His Majesty out first.
You...
I never thought
that I, Gao Deng,
would die
at your hands.
This stab
is for Liu Ruyan.
is for Shangguan Yu.
This stab
is for all the
female performers in the world.
It's over now. It's okay.
He is dead.
He can't do any more harm.
♪Even if I drift
within a darkened whirl♪
♪Kindred souls
meet the light and become one♪
♪So many chapters,
every wound remembered♪
♪Back where we once stood,
the blossoms still remain♪
♪The night runs deep like watching eyes♪
♪Wave after wave of sorrow♪